text actual_tone
"Wouldn’t recommend coming here. Usually they give a SUGGESTED amount but when I went with my class (mind you I’m in college) they made us pay $16 to go into the frida khalo exhibit with a student discount even though it is A SUGGESTED amount... meaning we did not all have to pay $16 each to go into that lame exhibit. We could have paid $1 and still gotten in. This was by far the worst experience ever because they kept telling us we HAD to pay that amount and never told us it was just a donation which is NOT MANDATORY to give. All in all, the frida khalo exhibit was pretty good but not worth the regular SUGGESTED price nor the student discount SUGGESTED price. We couldn’t take photos in the exhibit and for that why even pay if we can’t take photos in the exhibit? It totally isn’t worth the money or time even going. I love fridas stuff but they just gave horrible customer service and was very stressful to many students which ARE PAYING FOR COLLEGE! it was unfortunate as well how staff kept screaming at us to not take photos at the exhibit meanwhile we paid to go in there for a reason. Long story short, I took photos. And they’re the ones below. Enjoy!:)" Negative
"Paid for tickets at 4:56 pm Sunday. Get to exposition at 5pm. At 5:40 was asked to exit by security because museum closed." Negative
"Be aware this is a tourist trap. They charged us 60 bucks for 2 hamburger." Negative
"One of the best places in the U.S. to check out art. Currently on exhibit GIANTS: Swiss beats and Alicia keys collection." Positive
"Works of art from all over the world are appreciated. His style is appropriate for sharing with the family. The spaces are wide and the guides guide you during the tour. It is a place to enjoy culture 😃" Positive
"We went in to rest after the noisy city tour. Was it invented just for that?!!! At home, small rural museums also know more. But what is great is the spaces, the service and finally Rodin at the entrance. You don't even need to buy a ticket for this." Positive
"Very mediocre museum, yet it charges as much as the Met. The only thing worth seeing is the Egyptian exhibits. Otherwise, skip this museum and go to the botanical garden instead." Negative
"David Bowie exhibition is very inspiring but we didn’t like the museum making us wait like 2 hours and then trying to kick us out because it was close to closing time! They said they are going to give us more time but the staff literally kicked us out. Wasn’t worth the money, we couldn’t see everything.. and the air conditioner didn’t work so it was very hot in there.." Negative
"If you buy tickets for the Bowie exhibition be warned you have to queue for over an hour after your ticket time. We booked 6:30pm tickets, queued from  6:20 and didn’t get into the exhibition until 7:40. Why sell tickets for time slots if you can’t stick to them. Red hot too and not even free water for people in the queues. Shame as overshadows the whole experience" Negative
"Went specifically to see the David Bowie display. The tour was great but the limited edition vinyl was out of stock and there was no mention of it on their website which there should be. Their solution, buy tickets for two week ahead in case they have replacement stock in!!!! Poor poor customer service right there" Negative
"This museum has a staff and board that is mostly white people, including the staff in curatorial roles for art of the Americas, Asia, and now Africa. The idea that, in 2018, that this museum is unwilling to hire people who can better represent the artistic traditions, movements, and cultures of these vast continents, is appalling and embarrassing." Negative
"Andy Warhol exhibit features semen and urine in several “paintings”, be aware very blasphemous. Too bad because other exhibits have beautiful historical pieces labeled with new snarky, WOKE commentary." Negative
"Although the museum itself is beautiful and the exhibits are well executed, my experience was less than favourable. I went to this museum with a coworker and 6 young kids (we work at an afterschool/camp). We were let in without a problem but after spending an hour observing the exhibits, I was approached by a security guard who informed me that we should be careful. He said other security guards may give us a hard time because the children had backpacks (not bulky ones I may add) and we are supposed to bring them to bag check . After telling me this my coworker and I decided it's best to leave. The first security guard then proceeded to tell a female security guard about us and she then followed us into the elevator and out to the lobby (practically escorting us out). She then said something to front desk about us as we left. Not only was it disrespectful, (considering we were not aware of the rules/ were NOT told when getting the tickets) the kids also felt very uncomfortable. If we were made aware of the problem with bags we would have gladly gave then to bag check. So unprofessional." Negative
"I got off the 2 train today with my 6 year old son while heading to do some errands. While walking, my son said he had to use the restroom, so I walked into the Brooklyn Museum and kindly asked if my child could use the restroom (because we were not close to home.) Do you know the security guard refused us? He turned away a little boy who had to use the restroom! What is that!?!? Is this not a place for Brooklynites to freely come and freely go and feel welcome?? This was an unusual request, I’m sure, but how does one turn away a child. BTW-the security guard (that was at the front) asking for tickets. I heard 2 gentleman say they didn’t have any, and he let THEM in! Again, what is that!?!? Brooklyn made me sad today. It’s just down right awful." Negative
"So many closed exhibits and previous great exhibits were gone. Also very hot and stuffy." Negative
"The 2 floors I wanted to see, including their most famous exhibit, are closed due to staff shortage." Negative
"Should rather say closing 17:45 Got kicked out 15 minutes before official closure time" Negative
"They say they love their members? Why do they make us stand in line for an hour to get tickets? 1 person serving members. 4 serving noon-members..." Negative
"A bit discriminatory... Girls can enter with big bags but boys have to check their bags... Never come back" Negative
"I went to the museum and it was closed the hours on the website should be updated so no one else will waste their time" Negative